UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static  
dev-hugepages.mount                         static  
dev-mqueue.mount                            static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static  
tmp.mount                                   masked  
brandbot.path                               disabled
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static  
session-1.scope                             static  
session-3.scope                             static  
arp-ethers.service                          disabled
auditd.service                              enabled 
autovt@.service                             enabled 
blk-availability.service                    disabled
brandbot.service                            static  
cgconfig.service                            disabled
cgred.service                               disabled
chrony-dnssrv@.service                      static  
chrony-wait.service                         disabled
chronyd.service                             enabled 
cloud-config.service                        enabled 
cloud-final.service                         enabled 
cloud-init-local.service                    enabled 
cloud-init.service                          enabled 
console-getty.service                       disabled
console-shell.service                       disabled
container-getty@.service                    static  
cpupower.service                            disabled
crond.service                               enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service       bad     
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         disabled
dnsmasq.service                             disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
emergency.service                           static  
fstrim.service                              static  
getty@.service                              enabled 
halt-local.service                          static  
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
irqbalance.service                          enabled 
kdump.service                               enabled 
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
messagebus.service                          static  
microcode.service                           enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          disabled
NetworkManager.service                      enabled 
polkit.service                              static  
postfix.service                             enabled 
quotaon.service                             static  
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               disabled
rdma.service                                disabled
rescue.service                              static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service               static  
rhel-autorelabel.service                    static  
rhel-configure.service                      static  
rhel-dmesg.service                          disabled
rhel-domainname.service                     disabled
rhel-import-state.service                   static  
rhel-loadmodules.service                    static  
rhel-readonly.service                       static  
rhsmcertd.service                           disabled
rsyncd.service                              disabled
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             enabled 
serial-getty@.service                       disabled
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                enabled 
sshd@.service                               static  
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-bootchart.service                   disabled
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-importd.service                     static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                     disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service              indirect
systemd-readahead-drop.service              enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service            enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
tcsd.service                                disabled
teamd@.service                              static  
tuned.service                               enabled 
wpa_supplicant.service                      disabled
-.slice                                     static  
machine.slice                               static  
system.slice                                static  
user.slice                                  static  
dbus.socket                                 static  
rsyncd.socket                               disabled
sshd.socket                                 disabled
syslog.socket                               static  
systemd-initctl.socket                      static  
systemd-journald.socket                     static  
systemd-networkd.socket                     disabled
systemd-shutdownd.socket                    static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static  
basic.target                                static  
bluetooth.target                            static  
cloud-config.target                         static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static  
cryptsetup.target                           static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                         disabled
default.target                              enabled 
emergency.target                            static  
final.target                                static  
getty.target                                static  
graphical.target                            static  
halt.target                                 disabled
hibernate.target                            static  
hybrid-sleep.target                         static  
initrd-fs.target                            static  
initrd-root-fs.target                       static  
initrd-switch-root.target                   static  
initrd.target                               static  
kexec.target                                disabled
local-fs-pre.target                         static  
local-fs.target                             static  
machines.target                             disabled
multi-user.target                           enabled 
network-online.target                       static  
network-pre.target                          static  
network.target                              static  
nss-lookup.target                           static  
nss-user-lookup.target                      static  
paths.target                                static  
poweroff.target                             disabled
printer.target                              static  
reboot.target                               disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                        static  
remote-fs.target                            enabled 
rescue.target                               disabled
rpcbind.target                              static  
runlevel0.target                            disabled
runlevel1.target                            disabled
runlevel2.target                            enabled 
runlevel3.target                            enabled 
runlevel4.target                            enabled 
runlevel5.target                            static  
runlevel6.target                            disabled
shutdown.target                             static  
sigpwr.target                               static  
sleep.target                                static  
slices.target                               static  
smartcard.target                            static  
sockets.target                              static  
sound.target                                static  
suspend.target                              static  
swap.target                                 static  
sysinit.target                              static  
system-update.target                        static  
time-sync.target                            static  
timers.target                               static  
umount.target                               static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                        disabled
fstrim.timer                                disabled
systemd-readahead-done.timer                indirect
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static  

221 unit files listed.
